Not gonna lie, I don’t want to spend too much time with this task, I don’t want to create anything fancy, or to even show off awesome programming skills. I just want to create a simple solution with a tiny bit of spirit. Because when I heard of this task, first thing that came to my mind was,

“What the hell? Does he seriously just want me to make a UI inventory? That can’t be.”

And the second thing was, Puzzle Pirates. That game was not Sims like simulation but it was a simulation regardless, with real players producing goods, clothing included, and opening shops and selling them there to other players, a simulation of real ingame economy, labor, production, that sort of thing.
I knew just making a inventory screen like UI would be pathetic, to say the least. I wanted more depth than that. But as the time allowed for the task was short, I did not want to have too much depth. the compromise I came up with was to take a screenshot from that game, Puzzle Pirates, to use as a shop background image. Specifically a screenshot of a clothing shop with visible clothing racks and four walls. And a proprietor saying welcoming the player and giving instructions. I guess these are the “tiny bit of spirit” of my solution.
I have no clue how LSW gameplay is like, but I imagine we would walk into a shop. And click on a clothing rack which would pop out options like in The Sims. “Browse”, “View” etc. So I figured that’s what I would start out with.
That is because I don’t particularly enjoy UI design, and because I don’t like UI with too much text. I do not believe the, “actual inventory screen like browse menu”, needs to be overly complex. For me the best browsing experience would be to just show the clothes, and a simple tooltip when you mouse hover them to display some basic information about that particular clothing piece. After all, in a real clothing shop, customers look at the clothes first, then the tags. That is if they like a clothe.
I’m not worried about the aesthetics too much, because I’m not a graphics designer. Just found a random sheet of clothing icons from internet, separated it into individual images using photoshop, and shoved them into the Assets folder, slammed the background image I took from Puzzle Pirates to the scene, and started working.